CXX-2967 Document the Stable ABI Compatibility Policy (#1102)
mongodb/mongo-cxx-driver: docs/content/mongocxx-v3/api-abi-versioning.md

They should be imported according to CMake's [Config Mode Search Procedure](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/find_package.html#config-mode-search-procedure).
For example, assuming the CXX Driver was installed to a prefix `$INSTALLDIR`:

```bash
# The CMake package may be imported via CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH (recommended)...
cmake -S example -B example-build -D CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH="$INSTALLDIR"

# Or via <PackageName>_ROOT (assuming BSONCXX_OUTPUT_NAME=bsoncxx)...
cmake -S example -B example-build -D bsoncxx_ROOT="$INSTALLDIR"

# Or via `PATHS` in the `find_package()` command... or etc.
# find_package(bsoncxx CONFIG REQUIRED PATHS "$INSTALLDIR")
```

**NOTE:** The C Driver is a required dependency of CXX Driver. The CMake package config files for the C Driver may also need to be imported using the same (or similar) approach to satisfy this dependency.

Although the CXX Driver also provides pkg-config files, users are strongly encouraged to use CMake package config files instead.

The name of the pkg-config file for bsoncxx libraries is also controlled by `BSONCXX_OUTPUT_NAME` and follow the pattern `lib<basename>.pc`.

> Because the CXX Driver does not install pkg-config files to typical pkg-config system directories, the `PKG_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable may need to be used to augment pkg-config's search path, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PKG_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable may need to be used to augment pkg-config's search path, e.g.:
```

If the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` override is disabled (with the recommended `MONGOCXX_OVERRIDE_DEFAULT_INSTALL_PREFIX=OFF`), I expect the package config file is in a default searched location:

```bash
cmake \
    -D CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD=17 \
    -D MONGOCXX_OVERRIDE_DEFAULT_INSTALL_PREFIX=OFF \
    -S. -B cmake-build
sudo cmake --build cmake-build --target install # Install /usr/local/lib/pkgconfig/libbsoncxx.pc
pkg-config --libs --cflags libbsoncxx # Locates libbsoncxx.pc.
```

```

Setting `ENABLE_ABI_TAG_IN_PKGCONFIG_FILENAMES=ON` is recommended when parallel installation of CXX Driver libraries with different build configurations (e.g. Debug vs. Release) is expected.
However, using CMake package config files instead is most recommended.

### Static Libraries

Static libraries use a simple filename pattern:

```
lib<basename>-static.a
```

No API or ABI version information is included in the name of static library files.

Shared vs. static library selection for CMake package config files is handled via CMake targets.

Shared vs. static library selection for pkg-config files is handled by adding the `-static` suffix to the library basename, e.g. `lib<basename>-static.pc`.

For example, the following library directory contains the expected shared _and_ static library files for a bsoncxx library:

```
${CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX}/${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}/
├── libbsoncxx.so.1.2.3
├── libbsoncxx.so.10 -> libbsoncxx.so.1.2.3
├── libbsoncxx.so -> libbsoncxx.so.10
├── libbsoncxx-static.a
├── cmake/bsoncxx-1.2.3/
│   ├── bsoncxx-config.cmake
│   └── ...
└── pkgconfig/
    ├── libbsoncxx.pc
    └── libbsoncxx-static.pc
```

### Static Libraries (MSVC Only)

> The name of static libraries use the same pattern as regular (non-MSVC) static library behavior described above, but uses `static` as `<abi-version-number>` and the library output name as-if it were the basename.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of static libraries use the same pattern as shared MSVC library behavior described above, but uses `static` as `<abi-version-number>` and the library output name as-if it were the basename.
```
